This game can be played on a bitmap display, (consider using the Saturn of MARS MIPS Assembly IDEs). At the start, an S-tetromino spawns at the top of the tetris grid. Although it moves  down roughly one block a second on its own, players can press s on their keyboard to make it move down faster as they please. In order to move the tetromino one block to the right, press d, and in order to move the tetromino one block to the left, press s. In order to rotate the tetromino, press w. If successful, (the rotation wasnt causing the tetromino to overlap with other already filled blocks), the tetromino will rotate ninety degrees. As time passes, the tetromino will move down faster on its own. Once a row has been full, it will blink white, and then clear itself off the board. Then, the player's score will increment by one, or how ever many rows have been cleared. In order to pause the game, players can press p, which will display a yellow pause sign inthe top left of the board and cause the board to freeze in its position until p is pressed again (causing the board to resume, and the pause symbol to be removed). When a new tetromino spawns directly into another, already solidified (green) tetromino below it. This will cause the game to be over, displaying 'GO!' on the board. In order to restart the game, a player can click r.  In order to quit the game entirely, a player can press q. It is important to note that a tetromino only solidifies, and a new is spawned at the top again when it can no longer move further down (there is already another block or there are already multiple blocks where it would normally move down to).
